windows are one of the most common
services that we apply graphics to but
they're also one of the most difficult
because of their high surface tension
but even this application can be easy
with a few simple techniques first
follow the steps outlined in the video
creating a clean zone now let's install
a large printed graphic that will be
viewed only from the outside of the
glass water is not necessary for this
application because the streaks left
behind by the squeegee won't be seen
this means you can use vinyl with a
water-based or an airy grass adhesive
but this is still a difficult
application because of the high energy
surface of the glass even adhesives that
are designed to be repositionable can
become permanent very quickly begin by
taping the graphic in place long
graphics tend to creep up or down so be
sure to make lots of registration marks
to help you stay on track the key to an
easy dry window application is adhesive
management only expose the minimum
amount of adhesive necessary so that you
are in control of the application at all
times I do this by using a back slitting
tool called the bodyguard knife this
tool allows me to choose where I want to
start the application by cutting only
the liner
now that a manageable section of the
graphic is applied in the center I can
apply in either direction removing only
as much liner as I want
staying in complete control of the
application
by controlling the amount of adhesive
that is exposed you can make even the
largest window graphic and easy
application
you